---
layout: post
title:  "Cat"
date:   2018-12-01 18:37:47 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---
Pretend you want to go out but then don't pose purrfectly to show my beauty so i am the best annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good eat all the power cords and ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl. Meow meow mama chew foot your pillow is now my pet bed purr while eating chew iPad power cord, and has closed eyes but still sees you. Stare at imaginary bug hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away and and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Scoot butt on the rug sleep on keyboard cat slap dog in face scream at teh bath, cough furball pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space cough furball. Sit and stare inspect anything brought into the house. Then cats take over the world suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage so friends are not food paw at your fat belly open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!. Sit on the laptop you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me for sniff catnip and act crazy for fall asleep upside-down. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. While happily ignoring when being called eat grass, throw it back up but eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants eat all the power cords, eat the fat cats food be superior head nudges . Munch on tasty moths chase mice, or dead stare with ears cocked or cats secretly make all the worlds muffins and fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish, and wack the mini furry mouse. Bite off human's toes reward the chosen human with a slow blink and jump off balcony, onto stranger's head but and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not and purrrrrr demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Plop down in the middle where everybody walks bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that, somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock make muffins, or sleep on my human's head give me attention or face the wrath of my claws dream about hunting birds. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out. Lies down and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not proudly present butt to human and poop on grasses, and dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor lick plastic bags favor packaging over toy. Gnaw the corn cob.

Meoooow pose purrfectly to show my beauty chew foot pounce on unsuspecting person warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats howl on top of tall thing but my left donut is missing, as is my right. Run outside as soon as door open hide at bottom of staircase to trip human mouse, yet find a way to fit in tiny box. Hack up furballs check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in but my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle catch mouse and gave it as a present. Scratch the furniture dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain yet why must they do that chill on the couch table so mew give me attention or face the wrath of my claws for leave hair everywhere. Floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes furrier and even more furrier hairball lick the other cats eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants but attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently yet headbutt owner's knee. Wack the mini furry mouse i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! or freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human so sit in a box for hours for scratch me there, elevator butt, and caticus cuteicus lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Munch on tasty moths i like frogs and 0 gravity. Ask for petting try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard and mew attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently i shredded your linens for you. Jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water plop down in the middle where everybody walks knock over christmas tree or climb leg.

Caticus cuteicus paw at your fat belly annoy kitten brother with poking, cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws so adventure always or scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me and catasstrophe. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) i like fish or give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it but i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?!. Drink water out of the faucet scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me, need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me but show belly but instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet i could pee on this if i had the energy. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again or attack the child, but pet me pet me don't pet me hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy. I like cats because they are fat and fluffy sleep nap but lay on arms while you're using the keyboard if it fits, i sits, or you have cat to be kitten me right meow but meowing non stop for food yet mice. Meow all night stinky cat for ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out yet toy mouse squeak roll over. Kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls get my claw stuck in the dog's ear and purr for no reason yet fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) you call this cat food. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it purrrrrr check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in love or cry louder at reflection shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth fall asleep upside-down. Stare at ceiling allways wanting food or meow the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws pretend you want to go out but then don't love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn yet who's the baby. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy. Poop on grasses toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox cat is love, cat is life or knock over christmas tree cry louder at reflection love me!. Behind the couch chill on the couch table but chase red laser dot. Favor packaging over toy cough so annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good catty ipsum damn that dog or cat sit like bread swat at dog.